README.md, before:

# Frontend Mentor - REST Countries API with color theme switcher solution

This is a solution to the [REST Countries API with color theme switcher challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/rest-countries-api-with-color-theme-switcher-5cacc469fec04111f7b848ca). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- See all countries from the API on the homepage
- Search for a country using an `input` field
- Filter countries by region
- Click on a country to see more detailed information on a separate page
- Click through to the border countries on the detail page
- Toggle the color scheme between light and dark mode *(optional)*

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)


### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) - For styles
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) - For bundling
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/) - For routing


### What I learned

Use this section to recap over some of your major learnings while working through this project. Writing these out and providing code samples of areas you want to highlight is a great way to reinforce your own knowledge.

To see how you can add code snippets, see below:

```html
<h1>Some HTML code I'm proud of</h1>
```
```css
.proud-of-this-css {
  color: papayawhip;
}
```
```js
const proudOfThisFunc = () => {
  console.log('🎉')
}
```

### Continued development

Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.

### Useful resources

- [How to Add and Use Google and Custom Fonts in React App](https://www.positronx.io/react-js-include-custom-fonts-google-fonts-tutorial/) - This helped me to add custom fonts to my React project without needing a CDN, thus improving performance. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.

- [Pure CSS loaders](https://loading.io/css/) - This helped me to add a loading spinner when fetching data from the API. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.


## Author

- Personal Website - [Robert Ramirez](https://robert-ramirez.netlify.app)
- Frontend Mentor User- [@Robertron624](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Robertron624)
- Twitter - [@robertdowny](https://www.twitter.com/robertdowny)


## Acknowledgments

This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.

Commit message:

added country details in its own page

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - REST Countries API with color theme switcher solution

This is a solution to the [REST Countries API with color theme switcher challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/rest-countries-api-with-color-theme-switcher-5cacc469fec04111f7b848ca). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects. 

## Table of contents

- [Overview](#overview)
  - [The challenge](#the-challenge)
  - [Screenshot](#screenshot)
  - [Links](#links)
- [My process](#my-process)
  - [Built with](#built-with)
  - [What I learned](#what-i-learned)
  - [Continued development](#continued-development)
  - [Useful resources](#useful-resources)
- [Author](#author)
- [Acknowledgments](#acknowledgments)

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- See all countries from the API on the homepage
- Search for a country using an `input` field
- Filter countries by region
- Click on a country to see more detailed information on a separate page
- Click through to the border countries on the detail page
- Toggle the color scheme between light and dark mode *(optional)*

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.jpg)


### Links

- Solution URL: [Add solution URL here](https://your-solution-url.com)
- Live Site URL: [Add live site URL here](https://your-live-site-url.com)

## My process

### Built with

- Semantic HTML5 markup
- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- CSS Grid
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Sass](https://sass-lang.com/) - For styles
- [Vite](https://vitejs.dev/) - For bundling
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/) - For routing


### What I learned

Use this section to recap over some of your major learnings while working through this project. Writing these out and providing code samples of areas you want to highlight is a great way to reinforce your own knowledge.

To see how you can add code snippets, see below:

```html
<h1>Some HTML code I'm proud of</h1>
```
```css
.proud-of-this-css {
  color: papayawhip;
}
```
```js
const proudOfThisFunc = () => {
  console.log('🎉')
}
```

### Continued development

Use this section to outline areas that you want to continue focusing on in future projects. These could be concepts you're still not completely comfortable with or techniques you found useful that you want to refine and perfect.

### Useful resources

- [How to Add and Use Google and Custom Fonts in React App](https://www.positronx.io/react-js-include-custom-fonts-google-fonts-tutorial/) - This helped me to add custom fonts to my React project without needing a CDN, thus improving performance. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.

- [Pure CSS loaders](https://loading.io/css/) - This helped me to add a loading spinner when fetching data from the API. I'd recommend it to anyone still learning this concept.

-[A Complete Guide to Routing in React](https://hygraph.com/blog/routing-in-react) - This helped me to understand how to use React Router to create a multi-page application. It's pretty easy to follow.


## Author

- Personal Website - [Robert Ramirez](https://robert-ramirez.netlify.app)
- Frontend Mentor User- [@Robertron624](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/Robertron624)
- Twitter - [@robertdowny](https://www.twitter.com/robertdowny)


## Acknowledgments

This is where you can give a hat tip to anyone who helped you out on this project. Perhaps you worked in a team or got some inspiration from someone else's solution. This is the perfect place to give them some credit.
